Add rename wallet FAQ (#483)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

![](/WalletManagerRecoveryWords.png)
:::

::::details
### Can I rename my Wallet?

Yes you can.
Go to `Wallets` folder (inside the [Wasabi data folder](/using-wasabi/WasabiSetupTails.md#wasabi-data-folder)) and rename the .json Wallet file.
Then go to `WalletBackups` folder (inside [Wasabi data folder](/using-wasabi/WasabiSetupTails.md#wasabi-data-folder)) and rename the .json Wallet file.

:::tip
You need to mark the “show hidden files” setting to see the Wasabi data folder.
:::

:::danger

> To avoid problems, make sure you turn off Wasabi Wallet before proceeding to rename one of your Wallets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid problems, make sure you close Wasabi Wallet before proceeding to rename any of your wallets.
```
